docs(java): Add tips about setting jdtls runtime (#635)
AstroNvim/astrocommunity: lua/astrocommunity/pack/java/README.md

- Adds `jdtls` language server
- Adds `lemminx` language server (XML)
- Adds [nvim-jdtls](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls) for language specific tooling
  - Enables [hot reloading](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-jdtls/issues/80)
- Adds `clang_format` through null-ls
- Adds `javadbg` and `javatest` debug adapters for nvim-dap

## Tips

> `jdtls` requires Java 11+. If your project requires you to use Java 8, you could try and set the java runtime for `jdtls`. Something along the lines of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jdtls` requires Java 11+ but can be used to develop on any Java version. If you develop  using different Java runtimes, you can set the runtimes  you have available in the settings of `jdtls`. Here is a simple example:
```

This is a bit more clear since the code shown is unrelated to Java 8
